---
layout: post
title:  "DEATH"
date:   2022-04-20
author: Vinayak Gupta
categories: [Philosophy, Life, Death]
---


Death as we know of it is the end of life. It is a thing that we know very little of, it is said to be the end of a life but it is often said that an end for something is the beginning of another.

The reason given for this is the “Cyclic Nature” of the world and existence. Everything that’s in existence has” Cyclic Nature” It comes back where it was. So is thought about life and it was thereby termed as Reincarnation.

Many cultures specifically in the East had Thousands of years of research in this subject, there were countless Schools of Thought and their view on DEATH. But due to the interpretation of cyclical-ness of Nature around them. It is said that the idea of Reincarnation held high in the East. But to the West of Indus River this Idea didn’t gain much momentum as it is required higher levels of thinking that what their Thought bounded Minds can’t accommodate.

But How exactly Death needs to be described… should it be called an END to LIFE or should be called the Period of Dormancy between the beginning of Dawn. Many schools believed that sleep is the equivalent to DEATH but it’s an offset from the real deal. Many people lose their sleep when they were held against their Nightmares. They **HAUNT** them.

All the fears of mankind are nothing but fear to lose life as they know of it. IF Death is the end of life when can be said that something lost its life. Is it the destruction of One’s Physical form or is it the Destruction of One’s Mental form or is it any one of the **“SEVEN PLANES OF EXISTENCE"** …?

But why… why do we fear Death? If it’s the beginning of a new day… WHY we refuse to accept the truth… The truth that lies In-front of us.

Is it the fear of unknown…? The unknown bits of this Existence that are beyond our reach at this time. Maybe a form of existence much-much higher than this. A form at which things like our **FEEBLE** Minds can’t process it’s **DIVINITY** and **POWER**. Is it the Realm where it’s **DIVINITY** overwhelm the **SINFUL** Mind? And due to which it loses its base of Existence.

Is it the Fear of your” Brain/Mind” that it gives such strong emotions to Death? Or is it that the” Higher dimensions of Existence” link our minds with other minds and many such things. So, when one is destroyed. Even if it’s not directly related to you the waves of damage are yet felt.

Humans as I know of them are arrogant creatures. They believe in only what its mind wants it to believe in. He rages that he knows the Cosmos but little does he knows to what lays beyond. He gets satisfied with nothing but feeble answers that for the Time being satisfy his mind, then… THEN he turns a Blind eye to it. And forgets his Quest and Questions and AGAIN goes back to doing Lust that only satisfy his mind and nothing else.

But as it says, **“TRUTH MUST BE TOLD”**. So be told. SO, the ones in Higher Existence says the Truth to us by making us face the Truth that is **ULTIMATE** to the feeble mind of our **"DEATH”**

Fear is not something that you shall back off from. It tells you what’s your weakness is. And righteously one should learn its weakness and it avert it so it can’t haunt you anymore.

But to this feeble arrogant Mind’s weakness is something that it wants to see. It tries to get away from it. Because to its feeble beliefs. He is the strongest of all conscious beings and he has no weakness but when presented with one. It rejects the very Existence of its weakness and turns a blind eye to it.

This Blinding of eyes is what known as “FEAR”.

And above all why do we cry and mourn ozone Death. If it’s the beginning of something we shall celebrate instead of mourning. If it is said that after death the person goes to the realm of God, and **God** is **Benevolent** and **Good** then why we fear it. If he’s Benevolent, He will love you.

Is The Reason for the existence of someone higher than all of us is to strike JUSTICE upon those that disturbs the Harmony of the plane (dimension) of existence i.e., does something that is wrong both Morally and Socially

∴